chore(docs): improving rust example usability (#137)
scylladb/care-pet: docs/build-with-rust.md

The sensor service simulates the collar's activity and periodically saves data to the database. Use the below commands to run the sensor service:

```bash

> $ NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)
```

> $ NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)
```

> $ cargo run --bin sensor -- --hosts $NODE1 --measure 5s --buffer-interval 1m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo run --bin sensor -- --hosts $NODE1 --measure 5s --buffer-interval 1m
```

`find_sensor_data_by_sensor_id_and_time_range` takes `session`, `id`, `from` and `to` as params. The function runs a `SELECT` query then returns `rows`.

#### Retrieving informations from API

To test out the API in your terminal, use the following command to retrieve informations of a specific pet owner: 

```bash
curl http://127.0.0.1:8000/owner/{id}
```

> If you don't have an owner_id, run the `sensor` command and it will generate users and pets on your terminal.

and you should receive a response with something like:

```json
{
  "owner_id": "5b5a7b4d-a2c0-48b0-91e1-de6a5b37c923",
  "address": "home",
  "name": "sedtdkaa"
}
```

If you want to list owner's pets you can use the following command:

```shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:8000/owner/{id}/pets
```

> and you should receive a response with something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you should receive a response similar to this:
```
